after thousands of deaths in Gaza and
Israel calls for international Justice
are growing by the day they let Israel
get away with
everything and uh what happened now is
really bad for Israel and I feel sorry
but it was also a CA by this occupation
and 75 years of misery Human Rights
Watch a leading human rights
organization has urged the international
criminal court to issue a formal
statement on the escalating situation
between Israel and Hamas the C did make
this announcement a few days after
Russia's Invasion into Ukraine it has
since issued an arrest warrant against
Russian President Vladimir Putin many
eyes are now on the international
criminal court which according to the
Rome statute has not only been
established to provide Justice to
victims of war crimes but also to
prevent war crimes with events unfolding
in Israel and Gaza the court has
remained pretty quiet why until this
very moment there is no arrest warrant
for someone like Netanyahu he's openly
uh uh committing war crimes and crimes
against humanity why there is no uh um
arrest warrants against Israeli leaders
who have been uh issuing genocidal
statements since 2021 the IC has
jurisdiction in the occupied Palestinian
territories and numerous cases including
the killing of Al jazer journalist
Shireen Abu akle have been filed in his
only comment so far the IC prosecutor
has said that possible war crimes
committed by Hamas can be investigated
the Rome statute's clear we have
jurisdiction on the territory of a state
party and we have jurisdiction in
relation to conduct committed by
Nationals of State parties meanwhile the
civilian death doll increases by the day
and victims of possible war crimes don't
have the luxury of waiting for justice
step fast in Al jazer
the make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer
for